blah blah blah blah blah
i've never seen anyone put their iq on a
cv before
how many of these have you had nine
for new york for here and a skype
why are you here then well it's not a
very
political answer but i think mediocrity
is too well hidden by parents who hire
private tutors
i am here on my own i want to be able to
explain myself
clearly um and have people be receptive
to my ideas
is that how you get your validation
people listening to you
as opposed to uh every successful
business
is full of people who've spent money
nurturing unremarkable talent
why did you read geography geography had
the least amount of applicants the year
before
no it's a marginal game about marginal
gains
nothing wrong with the back door i play
third fiddle to two figures in my
mother's life
jesus christ and margaret thatcher where
do you stand on them
one's the reason we're all here and the
other's a carpenter
i think this is the closest thing to
meritocracy there is
and i only ever want to be judged on the
strength of my abilities
and paid for it i guess
i didn't realize that we recruited from
suny binghamton it's uh non-target
can you tell us a joke uh yeah
uh uh it's a bit for work um
whatever you know how many mountains i'd
have to move to get you to london for
good
[Music]
which is
you don't look sure how to navigate that
with this year's graduate class
he's assemble in the second floor
auditorium for your week three induction
you ready to be indoctrinated see you
down there
sure i can't get you anything
uh yeah robert i've been meaning to ask
actually um did someone very close to
you died
it's a very dark suit i'm sorry for your
loss but have you left the uh
label on your sleeve there as well wow
that's new yeah you look like regional
nightclub security
i do security actually let me just oh
let me just do that for you before you
embarrass yourself in front of your
peers you see what you've done there is
actually erect a billboard to how ghost
you are yeah
nice one uh robert where's ted baker
ladies and gentlemen just so you know
i think you look great the undertaker
attitude